Add Lens/XMTP dev tutorial (#200)
xmtp/xmtp-dot-org: docs/client-sdk/javascript/tutorials/build-key-xmtp-chat-features-in-a-lens-app.md

```ts showLineNumbers
const PREFIX = 'lens.dev/dm'
const buildConversationId = (profileIdA: string, profileIdB: string) => {
  const profileIdAParsed = parseInt(profileIdA, 16)
  const profileIdBParsed = parseInt(profileIdB, 16)

  return profileIdAParsed < profileIdBParsed
    ? `${PREFIX}/${profileIdA}-${profileIdB}`
    : `${PREFIX}/${profileIdB}-${profileIdA}`
}
```

## Filter for Lens conversations and display message previews

Now that you've built the Lens DM `conversationId` for your Lens app, your app can use it to filter and organize Lens conversations.

You will filter for Lens conversations and then display their message previews.

Here is the **Messages** panel in Lenster using the Lens DM `conversationId` to filter and display a user's Lens conversations only, along with message previews:

![Screenshot showing the Messages panel in Lenster with a set of three conversations with preview messages highlighted](img//filter-for-lens-convos.png)

**To filter for Lens conversations and then display messages in a conversation:**

1. Filter for Lens conversations only as shown in lines 1-9.
2. Get the Lens profileIds from each conversationId as shown in line 11-17.

> 3. Query Lens for profile metadata using the profileIds in step 2 as shown in lines 19-44.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Query Lens for profile information using the profileIds in step 2 as shown in lines 19-44.  
```

    convo.peerAddress,
    convo.context?.conversationId as string
  )
)
const profileIds = conversationKeys.map((key) => getProfileFromKey(key))

/** Query the Lens API for profile information on all profileIds and once again
map each profile to a conversationKey to track the current ownedBy address. */
const [messageProfiles, setMessageProfiles] = useState<Map<string, Profile>>()
const getProfiles = gql`
  query GetProfiles($profileIds: [String]) {
    profiles(request: { profileIds: $profileIds }) {
      items {
        id
        ownedBy
        # Optionally add more profile information here
      }
    }
  }
`
const fetchProfiles = async () => {
  const response = await apolloClient.query({
    query: getProfiles,
    variables: { profileIds },
  })
  const profiles = response.data.profiles.items as Profile[]
  const newMessageProfiles = new Map(messageProfiles)
  for (const profile of profiles) {
    const peerAddress = profile.ownedBy as string
    const key = buildConversationKey(
      peerAddress,
      buildConversationId(myProfile.id, profile.id)
    )
    newMessageProfiles.set(key, profile)
  }
  setMessageProfiles(newMessageProfiles)
}
fetchProfiles()
```

> To see how Lenster uses the Lens DM conversation ID to filter conversations, see [`listConversations`](https://github.com/lensterxyz/lenster/blob/c64636cbbc688aa118ad886f31316b0150d87916/src/components/utils/hooks/useMessagePreviews.tsx#L106) in `/src/components/utils/hooks/useMessagePreviews.tsx` in the Lenster GitHub repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how Lenster uses the Lens DM conversationId to filter conversations, see [`listConversations`](https://github.com/lensterxyz/lenster/blob/c64636cbbc688aa118ad886f31316b0150d87916/src/components/utils/hooks/useMessagePreviews.tsx#L106) in `/src/components/utils/hooks/useMessagePreviews.tsx` in the Lenster GitHub repo.
```
